README.md, before:

# Certi-gen :hot_face:

A CLI tool to generate certificates which takes data from a spreadsheet and saves the certi as a pdf
<br>

# Certificate design (outcome)

**Certificate of Merit**
<br>
<br>
![merit-eg](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44428198/83947594-9aad4080-a835-11ea-9be3-aca850cb0d36.png)
<br>

# Spreadsheet Format

| Name of Participant | Name of instituition                  | Event       | Position      |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| Chandler Bing       | Amity International School, sector-46 | MUN         | 1             |
| Joey Tribbiani      | Amity International School, sector-46 | Programming | 2             |
| Ross Geller         | Amity International School, sector-46 | Hackathon   | participation |

- Let's say a person - Ross Geller, has not achieved any position then its corresponding _Position_ column should have the word "participation" as the value (as can be seen in the above example.)
- The data entry should start from the first cell of the spreadsheet i.e A1.

Commit message:

📑: renames, corrected description, and added usage

README.md, after:

# Certigen :hot_face:

A python script to generate merit certificates which takes data from a spreadsheet and saves the certi as a pdf
<br>

# Certificate design (outcome)

**Certificate of Merit**
<br>
<br>
![merit-eg](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44428198/83947594-9aad4080-a835-11ea-9be3-aca850cb0d36.png)
<br>

# Spreadsheet Format

| Name of Participant | Name of instituition                  | Event       | Position      |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| Chandler Bing       | Amity International School, sector-46 | MUN         | 1             |
| Joey Tribbiani      | Amity International School, sector-46 | Programming | 2             |
| Ross Geller         | Amity International School, sector-46 | Hackathon   | participation |

- Let's say a person - Ross Geller, has not achieved any position then its corresponding _Position_ column should have the word "participation" as the value (as can be seen in the above example.)
- The data entry should start from the first cell of the spreadsheet i.e A1.

# Usage
Primarily built for Amity International School, Gurgaon but feel free to use it for personal purposes as well. :smile:
